Nikola Jokić: Jokić is a Serbian professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He is a 2-time NBA MVP, 4-time NBA All-Star, 2-time NBA All-Defensive Team selection, and 2-time NBA rebounding champion. He is also the reigning NBA Finals MVP.
Jamal Murray: Murray is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He is a 2-time NBA All-Star.
Michael Porter Jr.: Porter Jr. is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He is a 1-time NBA All-Star.
Aaron Gordon: Gordon is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He is a 2-time NBA All-Defensive Team selection.
Will Barton: Barton is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Kentavious Caldwell-Pope: Caldwell-Pope is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He is a 1-time NBA champion.
Bruce Brown: Brown is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Davon Reed: Reed is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Zeke Nnaji: Nnaji is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Luka Dončić: Dončić is a Slovenian professional basketball player for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He is a 4-time NBA All-Star.
Kyrie Irving: Irving is an American professional basketball player for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He is a 7-time NBA All-Star and 1-time NBA champion.
Christian Wood: Wood is an American professional basketball player for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Dorian Finney-Smith: Finney-Smith is an American professional basketball player for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Davis Bertāns: Bertāns is a Latvian professional basketball player for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Dwight Powell: Powell is an American professional basketball player for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Reggie Bullock:Bullock is an American professional basketball player for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Frank Ntilikina: Ntilikina is a French professional basketball player for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association (NBA).